TELCODOCS-1385 - Update docs for 4.14 RAN RDS (#64278)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/telco-ran-414-whats-new-ref-design.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * telco_ref_design_specs/ran/telco-ran-ref-design-spec.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="telco-ran-whats-new-ref-design_{context}""]

> = What's new in {product-title} {product-version} for telco RAN

Reviewer: There is already a "whats new in OpenShift" delivered by PM. I don't want this to supplant that. Perhaps we can rephrase this along the lines of:
```suggestion
= Impact of new {product-title} {product-version} features in telco RAN reference configuration
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * telco_ref_design_specs/ran/telco-ran-ref-design-spec.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="telco-ran-whats-new-ref-design_{context}""]
= What's new in {product-title} {product-version} for telco RAN

The following new features included in {product-title} {product-version} are leveraged by the telco RAN DU reference design.

.New features for telco RAN in {product-title} {product-version}
[cols="1,3", options="header"]
|====
|Feature
|Description

//CNF-7078
|Intel e810 NIC as PTP Grandmaster clock
a|You can use the Intel E810-XXV-4T NIC as a GNSS-sourced grandmaster clock.
The NIC is automatically configured by the PTP Operator with the E810 hardware plugin.

> This feature is scheduled for an upcoming 4.14 z-stream release.

Author: Not sure it would in this instance. I use `{product-version}` when I know the content is going to live beyond the current release. This is a "point in time" doc so IMO perfectly acceptable to use "4.14" here.

> * link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.14/networking/ptp/configuring-ptp#configuring-linuxptp-services-as-grandmaster-clock_configuring-ptp[Configuring linuxptp services as a grandmaster clock]

Author: No these need to link to a specific release. We have customers on various versions back to 4.10.

//CNF-6527
|PTP Operator hardware specific functionality plugin
a|A new E810 NIC hardware plugin is now available in the PTP Operator.
You can use the E810 plugin to configure the NIC directly.
This feature is scheduled for an upcoming 4.14 z-stream release.

> * link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.14/networking/ptp/configuring-ptp#nw-ptp-wpc-hardware-pins-reference_configuring-ptp[Intel Westport Channel E810 hardware configuration reference]

Reviewer 2: The first column speaks about generic E810, while the link looks very specific to WPC

//OCPBUGS-13050, CTONET-3072
|PTP events and metrics
a|The `PtpConfig` reference configuration CRs have been updated with the following changes to ensure that all PTP events are written to the logs:

[source,yaml]
----
fault_reset_interval -4
clock_class_threshold 7

> ----

Reviewer 2: The description and parameters does not match

* link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.14/networking/ptp/configuring-ptp#discover-ptp-devices_configuring-ptp[Discovering PTP capable network devices in your cluster]

//CNF-7365
|{ztp} independence from managed cluster version
a|You can now use {ztp} to manage clusters that are running different versions of {product-title} compared to the version that is running on the hub cluster.

* link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.14/scalability_and_performance/ztp_far_edge/ztp-preparing-the-hub-cluster.html#ztp-preparing-the-ztp-git-repository-ver-ind_ztp-preparing-the-hub-cluster[Preparing the {ztp} site configuration repository for version independence]

//CNF-6925

> |Using custom CRs alongside the reference CRs in {ztp}

Reviewer 2: custom custom resources?

The cosntruct `custom CRs` is used throughout the text

Author: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/66878
